README.md, before:

![ScoreHud Banner](https://github.com/JackMD/ScoreHud/blob/master/meta/ScoreHud.PNG)
# ScoreHud

| HitCount | License | Poggit | Release |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/JackMD/ScoreHud.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/JackMD/ScoreHud)|[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/JackMD/ScoreHud.svg)](https://github.com/JackMD/ScoreHud/blob/master/LICENSE)|[![Poggit-CI](https://poggit.pmmp.io/ci.shield/JackMD/ScoreHud/ScoreHud)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/ci/JackMD/ScoreHud/ScoreHud)|[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.state/ScoreHud)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/ScoreHud)|

### A highly customizable plugin to add Scoreboards on your Minecraft Bedrock Server.

### Features
 - This plugin adds **scoreboard** to your server.
 - Everything is customizable.
 - Provides support for 
    - EconomyAPI
    - PurePerms
    - RankUp
    - FactionsPro
    - KDR
 - If you want a feature to be added then be sure to make an issue regarding it.
### How to setup?
 - Head over to `config.yml` for details.

Commit message:

Added FAQ section and added deatil on how to setup.

README.md, after:

![ScoreHud Banner](https://github.com/JackMD/ScoreHud/blob/master/meta/ScoreHud.PNG)
# ScoreHud

| HitCount | License | Poggit | Release |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|[![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/JackMD/ScoreHud.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/JackMD/ScoreHud)|[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/JackMD/ScoreHud.svg)](https://github.com/JackMD/ScoreHud/blob/master/LICENSE)|[![Poggit-CI](https://poggit.pmmp.io/ci.shield/JackMD/ScoreHud/ScoreHud)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/ci/JackMD/ScoreHud/ScoreHud)|[![](https://poggit.pmmp.io/shield.state/ScoreHud)](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/ScoreHud)|

### A highly customizable plugin to add Scoreboards on your Minecraft Bedrock Server.

### Features
 - This plugin adds **scoreboard** to your server.
 - Everything is customizable.
 - Provides support for 
    - EconomyAPI
    - PurePerms
    - RankUp
    - FactionsPro
    - KDR
 - If you want a feature to be added then be sure to make an issue regarding it.
 
### How to setup?
 - Put the plugin in your plugins folder.
 - Start and then stop the server.
 - Edit the `confiig.yml` to suit your needs.
 - Restart and enjoy...
 
### FAQs:
**Q: How many `score-lines` can I set?**<br />
A: You can set 1 to 15 `score-lines`. <br /><br />
**Q: What tags are available to be set?**<br />
A: Mostly all the tags that you could imagine are available. More details can be found in `config.yml`. <br /><br />
**Q: There is a tag missing or I want a new tag to be added?**<br />
A: You can make a new issue with details what you want to be added. <br /><br />
**Q: How many `server-names` can I set?**<br />
A: You can set infinite many number of `server-names`. <br /><br />
**Q: I am having problems and cannot set the plugin correctly. What do I do?**<br />
A: Well you can always open a new issue on this repository or contact me via Discord: `JackMD#3717` or Twitter: `JackMTaylor_`. <br /><br />
**Q: I like the plugin. What do I do?**<br />
A: Well, that is extremely fortunate. Why not to star this repository and might as well a good review on [poggit](https://poggit.pmmp.io/p/ScoreHud).<br /><br />
